So the Navy did provide some opportunities for me to live overseas, I
just never like really capitalized on it. So my job is a nuclear technician,
and unfortunately we're only allowed to stay domestic. However
they do give you opportunities to change your roles. Not your job,
I'll always be an Electrician's Mate, but your roles throughout your
career, they understand that they can't just put somebody on a boat
you know for twenty years and think that he'll retire. He'll go
crazy, right? So after your tour of maybe four years, then they provide
you some opportunities to do different type of work. So they can
send you to a shore command, let's say in San Diego where you can kinda
like just chill at one of the facilities there, no boats, just
a nine to five job. They also, they offered me to go to Italy to work
on a sub tender, which is kinda like being on a little boat, you get
lots of port calls and stuff so that's one opportunity to go overseas,
but if you do like four years on an aircraft carrier, then a couple
more years on another boat, that's a lot of sea time. So that
was one opportunity for me. They also had another aircraft carrier that
was stationed in Japan, it was called the USS Kitty Hawk. However
it like, that's where I was going to go, I was in camp like let you
know four places in America or send me to Japan? I'm going to Japan,
that's where I'm going to go you know, but nah unfortunately we weren't
able to go on that. No nukes go on the Kitty Hawk anymore, so
we were just on domestic soil for that whole time, dangit.